# v0.7.0

Version 0.7.0 introduces the TreeView component and includes important CSS updates to fix Safari issues. This release removes all: revert-layer from the style macro and includes Badge improvements, Tabs collapse behavior, and updated codemods.

## New Components

* [TreeView](../TreeView.md)

## Updates

* [Badge](../Badge.md): Add `overflowMode` prop, fix icon alignment, update typo from `variant="charteuse"` to `variant="chartreuse"`
* [CardView](../CardView.md): Fix styling when using `renderActionBar`
* Image: Add `fetchPriority` prop
* [Menu](../Menu.md): Fix menu item's focus rings from exceeding popover boundaries
* [Tabs](../Tabs.md): Add collapse behavior
* Remove `all: revert-layer` from style macro generated CSS to fix Safari issues
* Remove references to CSS `flex` shorthand. Please use `flexGrow`, `flexBasis`, and `flexShrink` instead.

## Codemods

* Update S2 icon migration map
* Handle margin/padding shorthands in style props codemod

## Important CSS update

In this release, we have made significant changes to the way our Style Macro generates CSS in order to fix issues with Safari. The Style Macro uses [CSS Cascade Layers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Styling_basics/Cascade_layers) to avoid CSS specificity and ordering issues. However, this means global CSS declared outside a `@layer`, such as CSS resets, will take precedence over S2's CSS. To avoid this, we previously used [all: revert-layer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/revert-layer). Unfortunately, due to numerous bugs in Safari 18, this caused rendering issues in our components.

To fix these Safari issues, we have removed `all: revert-layer` in this release. This means that global CSS will now take precedence over S2's styles. **If you are using a CSS reset on the same page as S2 components, you will need to remove it** or put it in a `@layer` of its own. See the [Getting Started](../styling.md#css-resets) guide for more information.

**If you are using a version older than React Spectrum v3 on the same page, you must update to the latest version.** See the Adobe internal documentation for more details.
